README.md, before:

# Multiply Gobbler Vault

Multiply Gobbler Vault **multiplies** your Gobblers.

1. Users can [deposit](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L27) their Gobblers in the vault and receive ERC20 compliant `mGOB` tokens in return, proportional to the multiplier of the deposited Gobbler.
2. Similarly users can [withdraw](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L37) any Gobbler from the vault by burning `mGOB` tokens proportional to the multiplier of the withdrawn Gobbler.
3. `mGOB` can be bought, sold or LP'ed on Uniswap.
4. The Goo generated from the vault can be used to [mint](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L54) Gobblers based on a strategy.
5. Current [strategy](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L48) is MAX BIDDING!, i.e. buy Gobbler as soon as enough GOO is available.
6. When Gobblers are in the vault then the vault can also [mint](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L60) a Legendary Gobbler. 
7. As more multiplier gets accumulated into the vault, price of `mGOB` [appreciates](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L17). If a user deposits a Gobbler and Vault mints another Gobbler (using Goo) then a user can withdraw twice the amount of Gobblers for the same amount of mGOB tokens. i.e. **Multiplying your Gobblers**


## Usage

### Pre Requisites

Before being able to run any command, you need to create a `.env` file and set a BIP-39 compatible mnemonic as an environment variable. You can follow the example in `.env.example`. If you don't already have a mnemonic, you can use this [website](https://iancoleman.io/bip39/) to generate one.

Then, proceed with installing dependencies:

```sh
$ yarn install
```

### Compile

Compile the smart contracts with Hardhat:

```sh
$ yarn compile
```

### TypeChain

Compile the smart contracts and generate TypeChain bindings:

```sh
$ yarn typechain
```

### Test

Run the tests with Hardhat:

```sh
$ yarn test
```

### Lint Solidity

Lint the Solidity code:

```sh
$ yarn lint:sol
```

### Lint TypeScript

Lint the TypeScript code:

```sh
$ yarn lint:ts
```

### Coverage

Generate the code coverage report:

```sh
$ yarn coverage
```

### Clean

Delete the smart contract artifacts, the coverage reports and the Hardhat cache:

```sh
$ yarn clean
```

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE.md) © Paul Razvan Berg

Commit message:

added who can use this?

README.md, after:

# Multiply Gobbler Vault

Multiply Gobbler Vault **multiplies** your Gobblers.

## How does it work?

1. Users can [deposit](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L27) their Gobblers in the vault and receive ERC20 compliant `mGOB` tokens in return, proportional to the multiplier of the deposited Gobbler.
2. Similarly users can [withdraw](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L37) any Gobbler from the vault by burning `mGOB` tokens proportional to the multiplier of the withdrawn Gobbler.
3. `mGOB` can be bought, sold or LP'ed on Uniswap.
4. The Goo generated from the vault can be used to [mint](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L54) Gobblers based on a strategy.
5. Current [strategy](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L48) is MAX BIDDING!, i.e. buy Gobbler as soon as enough GOO is available.
6. When Gobblers are in the vault then the vault can also [mint](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L60) a Legendary Gobbler.
7. As more multiplier gets accumulated into the vault, price of `mGOB` [appreciates](https://github.com/ankitchiplunkar/Gobbler-Vault/blob/main/contracts/MultiplyGobblerVault.sol#L17). If a user deposits a Gobbler and the Vault mints another Gobbler (using Goo) then the user can withdraw twice the amount of Gobblers for the same amount of `mGOB` tokens. i.e. **Multiplying your Gobblers**

## Who can use this?

Gobbler's are inflationary. Holders will have to **actively** mint Gobblers using Goo else they will lose market share in an inflationary game.

- **Artists**: Want to not be diluted but don't know the optimal strategy or cannot actively play. Deposit your Gobblers.
- **6, 7, 8 multipliers**: Analysis shows that players who hold Gobblers with 9 multipliers will buy all the Gobblers in first 2 months (if MAX BIDDING), hattip [paco0x](https://twitter.com/paco0x). Want to participate in forst 2 months? Deposit your Gobbler.
- **Gobbler sellers**: Want to sell your gobbler ASAP but don't know price it efficiently on Opensea? Deposit your Gobbler and sell `mGOB` on Uniswap (you will get the floor price)
- **Gobbler buyers**: Want to buy a Gobbler but dont have enough Goo. Buy `mGOB` on Uniswap and withdraw a Gobbler.

## Usage

### Pre Requisites

Before being able to run any command, you need to create a `.env` file and set a BIP-39 compatible mnemonic as an environment variable. You can follow the example in `.env.example`. If you don't already have a mnemonic, you can use this [website](https://iancoleman.io/bip39/) to generate one.

Then, proceed with installing dependencies:

```sh
$ yarn install
```

### Compile

Compile the smart contracts with Hardhat:

```sh
$ yarn compile
```

### TypeChain

Compile the smart contracts and generate TypeChain bindings:

```sh
$ yarn typechain
```

### Test

Run the tests with Hardhat:

```sh
$ yarn test
```

### Lint Solidity

Lint the Solidity code:

```sh
$ yarn lint:sol
```

### Lint TypeScript

Lint the TypeScript code:

```sh
$ yarn lint:ts
```

### Coverage

Generate the code coverage report:

```sh
$ yarn coverage
```

### Clean

Delete the smart contract artifacts, the coverage reports and the Hardhat cache:

```sh
$ yarn clean
```

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE.md) © Paul Razvan Berg
